Johnny Jack and his beginnings; illustrated by Kurt Werth.	http://hdl.handle.net/2027/uc1.b4571082

\ewiw«HiAy UNIVIRSITY OF LIBRARY 

read chief for begin children this in introduction are is puppies himself . but chicks book every came before it instruction a because beginning or used—a they to child ponder , foundation essentials Johnny therefore simple he even story will Jack sound wonder little character from books first true baby life kittens It its which an be longer where matter terms contains beginnings see when day Any other of and later thinks the 

Pearl YU DAY THE LAN HIS BIG WAVE DRAGON STORIES LITTLE CHILDREN BOOKS OF JACK CHINESE BEGINNINGS FOR DOOR Buck BRIGHT WATER-BUFFALO ONE by CHINA JOHNNY FISH NEXT : FLYING BOY AND S. 

DAY THE And Illustrated NEW COMPANY KURT by His LBUCK PEARL JOHN Beginnings S. WERTH YORK fohnnyjack 

IN reserved Longmans any BUCK in John 1954 62 Company All This . permission Published THE must book reproduced & COPYRIGHT or OF MANUFACTURED Canada Day , 36 Green The thereof on UNITED same Street York by not N.Y. STATES PEARL be AMERICA rights Toronto BY New form West 45th day S. and without the parts 

years in have are JACKSON his himself . lonely up so play had brothers dogs a because 5 old animals that out to sisters was there been go can on wo house then he lived unless He liked boy Even five be JOHN farm cats many except 468 no n't might and one shuts living the 

snow mother for find question Why-why-why-" in have John is sheep why everyone said ram winter . but what blue hair big had came else it dogs two a Mrs. because she especially or 's come they way bright out named mud to cruel " Bob know did , was 6 sheepfold The Johnny on began whom ground eyes everything them house then he Jack called yellow lived again anyway Jackson not true could cows put That Flip tried Louise It almost brought barn be into where get always were But wanted cats gone frowning when like might and Whiskers bull the 

behind for Take roosters this in They chickens . all every two a because beginning to know , Most was something on house he hens lived chicken almost pleasant fighting where farm wanted beginnings about example together day of and Perhaps the 

mother in have lay scraping his course nests forth fresh strutted . 9 would eggs up eat do had every laugh just saw it lying ! a straw though as pie she fence or There come wings they to " Where , making was The Johnny asked acting them house kitchen he Jack back hens lived chicken with from ? silly fought pretending end rooster apple brought tough be into where get always were When As between really white when day along other of and one laughed red went the 

mother any in are his why sprinkled said tiny four chickens sugar stare This . She what would eggs if cherries Why somewhere just it a walk pie she 10 cinnamon oven Then or 's There come they I that " you Where know , making was long there stall The Johnny go on asked cherry new Jack again not from ? frosty put That It its under heifer surprised barn be into time were legs But Bull Because beginnings about morning calf n't white does seemed rickety Any slowly might other of and red the only 

mother Like people in is his course said cow . eggs Out stove twos a popped pie she beginning animals Of Then come that " , Johnny asked cherry Jack ? calf briskly of and Or bull the Remember 

snow One mother his said cabbages windflowers winter . You so play do ran had came saw ! skunk bloodroot two a spring sister or There come last I 'm snouts to " hillsides did , woods brother at Johnny need brushed them curls Jack little He somebody with from brown needles Up end under into were 'd beginnings Beginnings many n't when day like of away and one red melted earth the only pale 

begin lives have his too leaves puppies . big up must had warm dead came idea a has dog beginning last to green small , queer was week mind seven everything What them things oak their He from ? Only Louise under tree into were many of since and Suddenly pushing the 

One mother question this in have his too course They This . but good up so must eat do all him head ran had loud every burst came idea just else it a And mean as voice stopper she old knew laid they shawl way stop I that out astonished to " now you Where cookies did , home making was there found smelled at been wool asked began black 14 usual everything What them kitchen then he even again So He from ? next kittens His an where time were straight begun about n't when day inside basket bottle like hill of and one holding stared the never 

are They . 15 but do Mothers before just understand it sometimes she beginning quite they I cannot " you Where , help was Johnny Mother my impatient Jack ? repeated stupid stupidly Your n't 

On mother for feel children is said puppies They . suddenly all before just understand ! Born 16 she yet Monday they I to " Yes understood Where , here was Johnny on began Tuesday here-like then Jack their He ? cross His It pleasant mothers were When very n't when born and laughed the 

mother creature his said cutting . She remember You do has I to " Yes you cookies , was being he again know-born Every be were n't >7 born and 

mother creature Like any fuss in his why course said hard puppies cow . remember crybaby eggs chicks You felt Why hen do all had came it ! a pleased well egg Of comes come they way I that out hear to cried " Little you know did , queer face was believe Although at Johnny can being asked me he Jack their He not from ? peck Every Do tried its surprised Did be suppose where 18 always mothers were calf very n't when like of born and without red cry bark stared the 

One mother for in myself his why course said . but what another if good glad Good so eat all had it sorts ! a And »9 quite Of strong I that to " you cookies did , making was Johnny leads healthy ate things even Jack again while not forget could make time were cheerfully wanted busy about gracious n't when like of born the 

tinful mother this in is Are his why nut hard sugar patted . She uncomfortable felt up keep head ran stove before it A a deliriously nearly she coming nice comes they each way I that out to cried took " - you Where cookies smelling , most was The Johnny on asked ate forgot them he Jack little with brown ? Only liked spot done That His round where her time better were But made very top stom maple inside like of sooner and one melted the 

mother maybe have his too bit said private . In but She You big so all had a she beginning yourself ach I 'm to least " now you small , here fat was 1 Johnny Jack little not 2 could bigger always were room really thinking Right no n't and the 

Still One mother in once his knows too said tiny nobody smallest than seed favorite . In but what remember so Why 22 all before flower it ca a And everybody as she beginning I that to " you , was Johnny asked began my who me Jack back still ? first goes where her were But except word very we n't inside of born and the 

mother his 23 stars said cutting . remember You all ca And beginning 's I that out to " you cookies , was can Nobody even shaped new back were Because beginnings we n't some when like of born and the 

mother feel in his bit said puppies sugar . chose chicks big own felt all him warm just it 24 a as beginning told nice others I that " , Eat fifty-cent Johnny my cookie think will Jack He not with spot kittens round hot into better dizzy When about calves maple of and one Perhaps melted piece the 

eye At down any window this in are is said am robin nest . if flew ready outside bird left a Mrs. build she flies old 's There they I that out crab-apple to getting " Robin did , here crumbs kitchen then think again Jackson moment with first put tree looked her always When gone see n't and one today right the 

mother window have lay 'll said robin . She eggs flew outside came bird gobble it A a job Mrs. tin hatch thing has she Then looking crumbled out bread opened to " , The over on began greedy kitchen then back Jackson box tray ahead into where her kept But family stale of and went the 

mother this his hard three thought . what so all had growing I " you cookies small , was eaten been Johnny also asked me If he Jack while He ? time thinking started very inside 

One secret mother begin in are is his why course makes said smiled seed want himself . but You do all him ready just it ca two A smart a has she egg beginning How-" fountain Of or herself 's growing that to " drop you whichever water , there something at The Johnny began itself everything grow simple by father Jack person grows life boy His It an start Wait call very n't does inside of and 28 the 

. How-" " Johnny began Jack 29 

mother for begin this in have your cookiejust are is 'll positively his too said All am sister— . sure dropped She sweep another You happen glad own up going so broke play do all understand it ! a And kindly Mrs. though Have We beginning especially nice fountain man sister 's last I that astonished to took " now Robin you 've know , Can't making was something at Johnny over need asked how hope grow girl cookie tall he will Jack little again while moment somebody with ? eating baby be meet were enough ask more 30 Someday decided 're Wait tell very n't like born and one the 

mother for have his said want . sure what You glad just sleep ca thing she 's No to " you Where , Johnny asked hope then will Jack ? That be get about we n't of and one 

mother hurry for spread this instead in have your is 'll his said All . blue line Suppose just a she yours oven Then I crib girls out No buy to " now 32 cookies , Johnny Mother on asked take Oh them girl Won't indeed new cool Jack with from ? attic tray get time were pink we n't I'll of since and laughed the 

mother for is Are his said shook . sure Will hair good eat touches do all head just it sleep finishing a she quite or There exactly last I to " you know , here Johnny asked happy how takes Oh Jack while ? baby Not make His It too-you stay tomorrow be her cheerfully n't deal nails of and the 

sweet 34 down mother for feel Take in have tiptoed How his said soon bag thought . but She would You up so him Mrs had run Could outside dessert came bird just it lying A a flying And Mrs. as because she told nap nice questions I that to " Robin you small , was brother something Johnny over need on asked my sisterl who everything crumbs me If them house things cookie think he will Now asleep. Jack paper little So He gave ? tricycle baby enjoy That couch sweeping fast tray be into slipped ask spoke room wanted ride many n't does when along like of away born and living went the 

mother for children learned his After . suddenly so play do all him warm every came before summer it sorts marbles spring as because or questions knew that to June did , was there happened The over need how usual forgot things father he while He with from next kindergarten almost be grew into her weather time were ask farm As busy robbers decided many very n't games day of and cops went the send 

down One mother for young instead is his too twinkled . suddenly blue him came a sunny told man sister 's bright " Where , was at Johnny Mother asked son eyes father tall he Now Jack with ? rather arrived Your day of 

mother hurry is his said . but She Let ! a well she 's to " perfectly hospital , was Johnny asked Is father he Jack little gave ? 38 surprised yell Need anxious rush Your n't and went sick the 

Does mother for Well body For babies in hurt have feeling is his why makes said hard less gate thought . although remember You so Why do had just it hidden a everybody hurts sober forgets Then or 's questions interested doctor that to cried " Where child did hospital , joy easier was replied through often Johnny 39 being asked Oh chance father he Jack little while He ? forget baby life could rather It its be opens mothers ask more But wide about simply narrow see we n't let does of born and Perhaps usually the 

mother maybe whooping measles children window babies this door are his wait Questions stayed said tiny 40 gate . but explained what would hair running carefully up him head had came saw understand moving Mrs. blowing as she car Then sister or looking they exactly until doctor that out to cruel wind did hospital , home was cold at Green The Johnny go over driving who quickly father tall he Jack yellow little again corner So He not with from stepped next stopped turn baby could smiling useful brought looked her stood cough really catch see very let seemed other and without high went the 

in bundle . She what up so him stooped held it A a she Then that did face was at The Johnny he mischievous Jack little could round surprised looked always pink except see 

mother for proudly in have is his hungry seen said got They hands four This . whether She would cheeks good glad saying so had pretty ready Excellent a job Mrs. she We Mr. settled 's There they I that to prettiest " Susan did , bicycle was long Green Johnny asked began after eyes them girl father then think he 42 Jack little anyway Jackson So feed He not brown give tricycle first baby could put n't-not into her time better were By pink room ride really very together of away and ever Upstairs cry went pockets the 

down in off are . She front unbuttoned 43 " you rocking , blouse doing Johnny asked jacket What he Jack much ? chair surprised her sat of and threw watched the 

down mother nurse babies in myself have course said puppies breasts am thought . She good felt going so all milk had warm Mothers just crying it ! a Mrs. scarcely fed thing Greedy she settled especially Of they way I until that breast to " you Susan did , queer at Johnny can on then he Jack little their Jackson feed not could cows Louise seem fast surprised get her mothers anything kept But wiggled about calves deal and drank breath the 

mother his knee . came 's I " Johnny on asked near greedy Was he Jack He ? and laughed leaned 

Much Still mother for feeling his too Beginning said watching himself . Daddy what hair THE good glad felt up Why head milk pretty warm came comfortable saw ! a proud everybody though as she beginning smile nice Then 's Were each I 'm that " you Susan small , tousled was replied I? at Johnny asked 47 greedy Was father then he even Jack yellow He ? His END Another into looked her bigger were stood more heart But very Everything lift other of and laughed answered drank the 

University FROM DESK Renewed due California are DAY subject elate B9311sl0 renewed This . below ,'56 LD immediate BORROWED )476 or last 21-100ro-6 Library to , USE on 14 stamped date books WHICH General RETURN which recall ( Berkeley TO of bookis the 


