The beech tree, illustrated by Kurt Werth.	http://hdl.handle.net/2027/uc1.$b86994

fib >- $b =\m cm ro 

•EKKELEY CALIFORNIA . UNIVERSITY Of LIBRARY ^ 

trouble mother for How makes talks got signs . She so Grandfather short Lou had every came it a became though has old 's There out to exciting child , ; was long live who worried strange things worked he story with Mary both fine were walks busy family very together when along grandparent of and eight only 

,BUCK DAY THE Tree Illustrated The NEW COMPANY KURT by Beech PEARL JOHN S. WERTH YORK 

Pearl reserved Longmans any in John 62 Company All This . Card permission Published Number must book reproduced it Congress 55-593} or Canada Copyright Library Day , Buck j6 Green The thereof on same Street York by not N.Y. be Manufactured United rights Toronto America 1955 New form : West 45th day S. States of and Catalog without the parts 

One find school . big 466 Lou had came it a skipped she pencil that to home was there found something happened doing ruler on black how kitchen father he new paper He with from Mary put apple an into get her lines white when day of and table piece drawing the 

wanting for are is his lips said am . but She what would Timmie tease up going carpenter all him Lou had Her it A a though as build bite because she playhouse nap Then comes 's I to getting " you Where , was brother 6 something taken doing Mother asked Sometimes impatient after pursed easy What father he again He from ? next first Mary baby make That apple be looked her whistle always were made important of since and one 

funny please Well For is said am . Daddy going our Lou Her just else us ! a build she coming I to grandfather " you , face Can't at on asked live who Oh me house father think he somebody with ? Mary Do be looked her room But tell made n't "your of and 

question Well 8 in is seen said three This . another line You carefully Why all him Lou had before us it bites a mean because she coming Pennsylvania old 's such way that to grandfather getting took " , was long The go over on asked same my Is live father he even will paper lived He with from ? Mary drew news It apple meet train her Kansas very we n't needs of and the leaned never 

finger in your drawn said All . She big Lou had summer two a vacation square " begins , "is over on asked father then paper little ? Mary put That whole where her When months other away and one right table the leaned 

mother find instead in are is Bedroom said forth himself . Daddy Timmie glad felt up so Why him bathroom Lou had held Her just saw it sleep ca a waked because skipped she sober 10 I that to " you rocking , talking downstairs was there over Mother asked who Oh wondering Nice things father think he back He with still ? chair Mary smiling be looked where her were room But wanted sitting n't needs does when of away and holding the upstairs 

mother Well is said . would Why Lou us coming old 's I that to grandfather " , here asked happy live hope he will with ? Mary be her n't 

At mother 12 people is said am than Older . but Why must him Lou it ! And Very old 's Whew I that to polite least " Yes you , r- asked how me Fifty he Seventy guessed not ? Mary That her whistled ask more Because very n't like Sixty 

mother for are is why said try got . what would Timmie suddenly You felt keep do Lou had warm Her outside 13 it a as because she old nice 's questions knew I until that to grandfather " now you know did , woman help was something happened Mother asked take wo Oh will little again So not ? cross Instead Mary It her better ask But really asking n't when like and wish 

At mother for outdoors years this in too said hard already suppertime . would Timmie felt keep do him head Lou had played it a because well she quiet told old yet 's questions knew until that to took " coat you , help was there on asked 14 Thank grade third them by father then he little not with still yard cross Mary could smiling put That It which be into her time better were waiting ask more But sandpile no very cap when day inside and eight the 

are learn late . 15 Daddy what You keep do Lou had as well quiet smile told to " you did , Just was Mother supposed he not still early Mary her may and 

down mother this instead learned his wait course hung hard soon thought After . curtains Grandfather all him Lou < had look came just talked it a passed job mattervery 16 as she Meanwhile old nice 's questions each that to green exciting did , home most was at — on began how ate rug floor forgot father then worked he new much while So not from walls papered Mary could Every put done her time ask room When wanted decided about except see made very supper evening some white day of and windows days the 

used able mother for proudly appreciates 'll why said . She Daddy Timmie good You Good Grandfather do all him Lou had afraid us it a as she coming smile told nice care 's way I until that to " did , help was something Mother asked live take wo everything hope girl kitchen father wondered then will Now much again not waited with ? Mary smiling It be into her 18 enough room But gone about n't does of and right the 

mother 19 said am This . going telling so Grandfather keep night she smile care comes I that to bed " you did , here help was Mother being happy live take he not from still could into her But tucked made when of 

mother question people children once 'll wait too course said They late . but She would another You up Why Grandfather do all him Lou had Her came sleep a well she finally told old Go quite comes herself 's questions knew finish n't-" I until that to " did likes , was there at saved asked began Sometimes how Oh me them father he So He not ? 20 Mary lot could It surprised meet her better were ask When see tell n't let when like of and one answered station went the 

down mother for feel people "fa door loudly in heard once are is How said soon They carried gentleman . Timmie hair rushing Grandfather him Lou Father run look every came cane saw else ! a shout old man herself An trying 21 out opened hear to getting " toward - know , queer here help was at on asked began eyes father tall he will back He moment somebody with from brown ? stopped Mary It which steps train her were stood pouring beard platform call made thin very we let bang white I'll of and Doors Suddenly the 

for in once course stories . but She another felt had it mixed-up a sometimes she told quite knew that to " understood , talking was ther been father he Now mischievous little first boy be where her always time Kansas about seemed of living Suddenly the 

Well this in is his said hands . shake Timmie own Grandfather all him Lou came cane it a And voice because she quiet old nice man 's knew they to " you , here was on son father he leaning while He with Mary It stood sort really see of and 

mother Marian in your his said got They smiled want walked drove . Excuse sure Daddy Timmie front good names Grandfather Lou Father had us it trip 24 a voice she car seat old man Then 's they I 'm to speaking " you did , share home was long low over on ear my Is turned tired father then he back their He not with from ? You're Mary say an ahead looked train her welcome anything kind whispered more platform whisper very sat let together along of and dear the leaned 

At in said got They carried want . Grandfather all Lou finished it car quite 's they last I out to took " , home suitcase 25 how helped father he new not with first Mary bookcases liked put It get were room see some of and went the 

mother children door in have learn 'll why said . so Why Grandfather do all rest Lou 26 "you it ! a because she We smile Very nice Then or 's questions such they way I to cried took " you , Just asked rug hope me he indeed should with ? give Mary smiling That It be her time better ask shut 'd thank Children very let n't does day like away and right the 

lonesome trouble mother feel people in Old his why said All happier than . but She different You felt so Grandfather Lou had afraid set before ! a walk thing because well she quiet quite 's questions There come exactly I 'm that astonished to bed " now know did , help was there something been asked Sometimes live me house then he even bones He not with ? 27 Mary lot could pains It stay be her time better were more But 'd about family made no very when like of and one ever days table aches the 

mother meals is 'll his too nicely said am Mercy smiled This . carefully up Grandfather all Lou Let had just us it a Here she We quite Then 's come they I that to getting took " you , help was Mother need on asked live take me "do father then much little again not with ? cross Mary could It tray be into get her were more room busy thank morning made no very having n't together when ^ and one breakfast 28 wish the 

door in his carried . She hair You up Grandfather clean it washed she nice looking 's come I to bed " , face there May brushed then he even called back ? room beard 29 very sat may of and went the 

One for Well feel this instead in ought have your are is How his said They walked . but She best if grownup Why Grandfather do Lou had every ca a talk thing Here has yours especially nice questions There they I work that to bed " now you know around , was long plenty can on asked my Thank tired who me them house by he little their not ? Mary could use put answer tray be suppose always time legs 30 decided about morning blame very we having n't when of and one breakfast dear wish table the 

messages On 3i for feel have are is How said They . lets Will good felt up so ache Grandfather do Lou had Certainly run weak it a And walk Then or 's There such bother they way I knees that to " now you know , Just at The on asked how my me them then he little their not with ? brain Mary liked use sent telephone which nerves get time better were cheerfully legs But about boss word threads n't let when day like other and today ever wires days the send 

for count have is * said All ^^6**^ three . Grandfather do Lou < cane ! a -' I that j^^r " you 32 , vi© v » ' my tired think he should J' He ? Mary It get wooden better legs leg But really joked n't does laughed the 

for is his too said break real smiled . 33 Grandfather Lou ca a though bad walking Then they I that buy " you , eyes new brown Mary could It get were legs we n't when day might and one 

34 hurry for body this in have are is too said given . She remember another running felt must Grandfather keep all him Lou ran had warm came clean talked it ca a thing she quiet We one-not especially walking nice 's they that out to " now did , was believe there replied shan't asked happy Is healthy dancing hope If then new back He with ? Mary life That Even ahead get her always But start made we n't when seemed like since born and one never 

Does hurry feel children young For in have your is said thought This . sight Will if running so Grandfather do Lou ran had pretty miles run before it ! ca a And 35 Here she old 's age I that to pity cried " you , was something die at my everywhere live Oh hope me will means ? stopped Mary turn make It sorry be always time When But 're many see no n't when like other of and went never 

Well years in S6 slip said walked field smooth yes . wrinkled what would suddenly hair You big must Grandfather do Lou had pretty just it ! a night walk as voice because she solemn old Then 's come they that No to bed " now you meant small , was there something happened die at The asked mind notice wo While Oh grow think will brown ? Mary hardly end whole It stay natural be slipped her ached time edge legs But no n't skin white seemed day along slowly like of and one days the frightening 

&> & *<* 

school switches pointing children years in his said than Look . She would big Grandfather play do all Lou summer cane trees it two a shade because well she old 's knew come they growing I that dying " you know around , Just was there at on asked Is hundred What father he little again with from ? Mary 38 Do That It tree an street looked where her more except see no very top some when beech of and the those 

Still for wild earth-water any tells in have are is knows said They . She what would if You own up so Grandfather do Lou had roots trees keeps understand it smart a mean she dies old 's knew come they that drink No to alive " you , Just was something at been The 39 over need on tired them girl then he new little their So from ? first Mary life lot That tried It its tree be her time By more wanted really start about n't does beech like of and living the send 

forgotten for question feel children are is his said 40 am They . Daddy Timmie You big Grandfather do hand Lou had tree-and it a And sometimes she We old Then looking 's way I to " you 've , at been Mother can how heavy If them he love new much moment ? thoughts Mary life put That It remembered into goes her enough stood ask thinking see very n't great day beech and stops one the never 

is . keep understand it though because they " you , easier The lighter them get better anything thinking about the 

beautiful interesting mother for asleep window in heard his too conversation hard already got They porch walked . She Timmie felt up so Grandfather play all him rest Lou warm ready just it ! a night talk because skipped she beginning above they way that out to getting bed did , home was there found at go on same happy how after tired strange Imagine father then love 42 much again He not Mary It her always room But between very supper when of and right bath went the leaned 

mother nursing name your is Donald said consider . but what suddenly so Lou hearing a mean she 's I to getting " did , home talking help was listen father think should feeble He not Mary could putting into her were really sitting "—that we and 

mother for Marian maybe asleep children in Whatever have heard is his said hard This After . what 44 good so keep minute do all Lou Her Besides it a voice she quiet burden old Then 's mornings they I that to " you know did falls , queer home was long believe on same live them house father think he will while their not person Mary could make answer It say an be her sad tell Send n't when day and sick the 

45 wash interesting for Who Once in have lay his no! sleep. . She Maybe Daddy would Timmie if diningroom so Why Grandfather him head had came just it And Tears talk because shirts she beginning told 's questions to bed hers arms , was rug. The Mother on how eyes Oh things he even love spilled coffee back not with ? crept could answer under tree upset into mats her time more about example when day beech other away and breakfast table went the send 

down wash trouble behind for school window in 'll his moon said got field thought . She Maybe if up him bathroom Lou had Her 46 it sleep a night shining she Everybody old care Then come far last I changed that hooted middle hear to bed " now did owl , home was long hills at The go low Mother on hide take tired them house clothes father he spills sheets sound slipping not from still woke Mary could whole an tray be where her stood thinking except tell when great beech I'll of away and brightly beyond went moonlight the 

down wash secret stairs window door in have tiptoed his too course said They shone . She would good going Grandfather keep him trees it a she Then 's that out to " , downstairs was softly over awake on how 47 things he new little It its be branches time knocked room light tell of and Come Suddenly the leaned 

wash secret behind mother nursing door in have your heard are is his too said nobody am want porch . She what would if going so must Grandfather keep do him Lou book had comfortable just us it reading a talk voice she We quite 's 48 I that astonished hear to " now you , home here talking was go low softly Mother can on pillows What them clothes then leaning He ? Mary It surprised say be looked spill her anything more But busy shut about see against tell we '' n't does and went thinks the 

find feel in is makes said . suddenly Grandfather had it And voice she I i that to " you , here sob low began same Thank live me very better-" like and dear cry the Grandfather-it 

sweet wash mother for Hush Trees maybe find feel asleep your are is Are too said They want . She would hair going human so Grandfather do him Lou 50 trees it sleep sheet a troublesome she stroked old yet 's I that to bed " now you child , was long beings on asked my live eyes me things by think he badly sobbed kneeling little not with ? Mary wiping could Do make It stay be her time better But see n't some day beech may like of away and right dear cry the send 

people Old said . so do Lou sleep Goodnight to " , long need he Mary n't 

down wanting trouble for school door in worry is said am . dropped She bringing You felt going Grandfather do him Lou had loud came Wherever just a And voice she goodnight told 's come I to cried bed " you child , home was shan't The go can on Thank after wo floor me father back again not from books next stopped Mary attic stay where her better slept trunk about see let n't 52 when day inside and dear went the 

mother nursing school heard is How too said no! happier This . what would noise if good so Why Grandfather him Lou Her came us a she beginning told 's come far foot I that out No to " you know child did , home here shan't The go asked wants after stamped me kitchen father he 53 much not ? Mary could surprised upset say be her matter But morning see tell no of away and Come cry went the 

down interesting mother heard is his step said patting . "what explained Timmie big bottom telling so Grandfather do all him Lou Her trees it And stair shoulder night has she 's last I 54 to cried " you child , here talking help on being everything What me father then he Now back little He not with ? Mary true could It be her time busy sad about sat n't beech like of and the 

'll said hard what You big Grandfather Lou crying come I " you , me indeed with Mary explained-" see tell very beech and Come the 

down mother for in is his too said field . but Timmie big blocks Grandfather 56 do Lou roots trees just it a quiet We old 's There understanding growing that out to bed " you , was nothing sheltering go house father he new ones little He not with ? Roots Mary could make under where her playing stood kept road room r ours 're except see n't beech like of and went the 

impatiently feel are is said . but Daddy Timmie Grandfather Lou trees it a And old 's I " you know , Can't something Mother how Oh he new ? Mary hi tree really n't beech like and the 

Still mother feel have it-I are said "would gently . Maybe what would Timmie "no if You thoughtfully Lou too-Grandfather trees it ca mean she beginning old There they exactly I that No to " you did , was nothing Mother can on grow 58 father then new will little still ? Mary sent Those be her When But n't some day ^ like other away and Perhaps went 

Please wash mother Marian Well feel in is 'll his said happier want This . sweep what good Grandfather keep do all him Lou us ! a night because she We 59 feels 's There trying way last I that to " now you know , Mother how my Thank take strange Oh If things father then think he back Mary be her room But ours about tell very let n't deal away dear the send 

On ended in built neat soon got piles watching They walked . Timmie You Grandfather him Lou Father had ready it a as well Then 's they way that to took bed " rocking , home was there on 60 clothes father he steeple again while So chair Mary put putting into church were room trunk sitting some together may of away and went the upstairs those 

thought-" have 'll said . You up Grandfather just us ca We I that to " you began spare he with stay surprised looked But decided we n't 

down please mother Well buts in his stayed said . explained suddenly cheeks THE big felt so Grandfather do all Lou us ! a And voice well she nice Then above 's they way I bright that "well No to took " you , well-if happy how after Oh feel-" he with Mary tree END stay were "please pink r beard white beech and ever the 

* 

CIRCULATION LOAN Renewls Renewed due AFTER Books CALIFORNIA calling 4 prior BERKELEY . UNIVERSITY Recharges tt ALL HOME BE 642-3405 BOOKS OF BELOW FORM Library to DD6 1999 , USE PERIOD 1 oiA-50m-8 date by Stacks 0 Main 198 RETURN DAYS. be DUE STAMPED AS 7 Berkeley CA 94720-6000 MAY RECALLED 3 NO. made DEPARTMENT may NOV and > ,'57 days the 

I * 77472 YC 


