Stories for little children, by Pearl S. Buck; pictures by Weda Yap.	http://hdl.handle.net/2027/uc1.b4571081

j or umvwirn LIBRARY ■IIRIIIV CAltfORNIA ( 

DAY fyn THE & touts JOHN COMPANY-NEW YORK 

IN reserved any BUCK in All This . permission THE must book reproduced COPYRIGHT or OF MANUFACTURED , thereof UNITED not STATES PEARL be AMERICA rights BY form 1940 S. without parts 

4G5 

Please down wash read GO HATES mother for find children in are is Barbara his curly moon stars chocolate sits tiny collar stories This . She sweep Judy BED. blue hair eggs eat play HIS milk book pretty BIG clean runs cars watch a biggest DRINK has she birds or These suit they dark to green " coat apples hat likes , twins truck goldfish MILK. cream on NOISES. live eyes gray who floor me house things father he ice curls story little says their PICK. He with brown UP next David put five Whenever her pink TOYS. straight pebbles But flowers Michael TO light beetles Peter white together hill suits away and hitch red wear the pale 

HATES children . She blue eat play dolls music RUN she hear to coat apples you know hat likes FAST. Now with sing five her But TO Peter and wear the 

down One children any are is agree too said nobody They want porch thought lake . Yes—yes climb Daddy Judy different big bottom up going so play do all Let had run came it ca a And sometimes everybody thing because We Then BEGINS halfway 's come they that out cannot FUN No to " Where , something at The go can on asked same Sometimes Down house things then he So unless not waited means fun ? WHEN Up David could It fast tree five No—no anywhere When Michael we sat let n't top when day hill of and the 

down Does On children any in have Barbara 'll agree said nobody got want rowed circle lake . In Daddy Judy would front good You big up going so climbed do all ran had idea just it ! a And everybody We Then boat 's shouted come they way I girls middle to " Yes you falls , woods was nowhere at go asked same Which Down If he back again So not fun ? first Up David both could Do That tree shall round Two time were kept But rowboat Three Michael we sat together "we boys hill of and went the 

begin any across Barbara agree said nobody They thought lake . Daddy Judy blue good up going so our all Let had look idea us it ! a And sky blows Then boat 's they way girls agreed to soft wind " Yes you did falls , woods was there something at The go clouds can asked ' What then he will Now hurrying little while says waited still fun To ? first Do That It which round say looked were kept see tell we let Peter white does boys of and the First 

One "it mother for thunder children this in hurt heard are is makes said grass They than heads lunch lake . but sure Judy louder blue noise good big so minute do all hand had played look afraid before trees just us it ! ca a sky she We 's such they rain I until bright that dark hear to took " now you did lightning water , home Just was long there taken at The go truck over clouds Mother asked began Rain What me house then Thunder will little their not with ? "because David bring That It under hot Those looked quick her edges time were enough listened wanted mountains busy Listen flowers Michael THUNDER light silvery-white very having n't Peter day inside like and beyond usually cry Suddenly the 

lights down hurry for thunder any "how in heard is How 'll why course makes stayed calling said grass hands fresh . "what Daddy what big so Why our do all ran Let cut clean trees just it ! ca a And washed night as because Lightning coming Then or comes 's questions "why come they way rain bright out drink hear to took " you know likes lightning cuts water , home wet hurried here was there hold at The clouds Mother on asked heavy who What them then he Hurry again clap gave ? liked put That It fast be meet where get were ask more knife But electricity flowers Michael light call we n't let together does when like of and the 

down for children is Barbara his too said hard got They . but sweep what THE up do all look saw it swept ! a junket silver as shining she shouted they I bright out No to cried " you water , Try was long found something The Mother on asked Is While Oh What floor them kitchen he pick will paper their So not from still ? chair dining ribbon broom eating David could tried It brought five into looked were room But Michael see supper rope Peter white and SUN went the 

down side behind for find children window this in is Barbara his why said sunbeam got They Look walked . but sweep what world up going so Why do all him hand Let finished came just it sun sleep ! watch a And sky everybody night junket told 's shouted come they sunbeams that out to cried took " Yes you Where around , was there Their gives The over Mother on asked Is turned happens take While Oh What them by pick will Now while So He not with from ? give broom David could turns looked where her time gone Because Michael see light we Peter does hill other of and one right watched red went follow the only 

side for maybe children in your are is makes said want . sure Judy Will world up so play keep do every wake it sun sky everybody night Then comes come they I that No to " you , there The clouds Mother can on asked how my If will back again their ? turn David It tomorrow be morning see no we n't when day other of and one the those 

down side behind children window this in smoke is Barbara why said grass They robin Look lake . Judy THE up so chimney waking climbed do all ran Let had look outside just saw left it sun a And sky night shining CLOUDS coming 's swing come west last I that out rooms to cried " now Yes you Where did around , was there through been The go over clouds Mother can on asked my gray What back while their So ? wagon next David It Did into looked where were slept But Michael morning see light no we n't Peter when east hill other of and beds red earth went the 

down behind children is wait too said sunbeam All grass . Maybe suddenly good all had played it sun ! a And shining because has We 's come they I until bright that upon cried " you , was there something The go clouds Mother riding then will back little again their from smiling wagons time were morning see light we moved Peter together when hill of away and red the send 

down behind for children any tunnels across in sand heard is Barbara too houses seen said hard nobody They want porch heads shone wells RAINBOW . what Judy blue THE You big up so do all spoil ran had look before saw talked it sun ! ca a sky roads colored well orange Then or There they way rain I that out No to green cried " likes around ribbons , wet making was something The go over on cloud black my carrying take While Oh fill either will yellow again their with from patter—patter—patter cross drop—drop—drop taking David It its under tree five looked slipped matter playing time were road pink But hanging sandpile Michael see no moved let n't Peter when maple may like hill away and falling red Suddenly went the never 

for Who dollies children across window in makes seen said grass They Look shine . but Yes—yes Judy play all had pretty rainbow came saw it sun ! a And moving sky faded raindrop sees shining she bubble 's they each rain to " drop you know did small caught , wet Just was there The Mother on cloud asked my "do things by then he called back little while sandbox their ? put That smaller grew looked always edge kept But Michael see Children very we n't Peter Soon like of away and one watched went the blade only 

IN down for find wild brook tickles in off are is Barbara his stones makes grass They This . She pop jump what Judy THE doll wade up do all head pretty run look dolls laugh summer keeps a walk she CHILDREN feet Then suit stockings I bright to soft green " likes around water , The go over WHAT can on my bathing pops strawberries take me swims them house laughs hiding he pick cool ones yellow again says pool He bare brown David put picks SUMMER box into her DO finds flowers Michael down—down—down—until Peter shoes like hill and red eats the 

down mother people children Once this in smoke off is his too calling stars said already All got sleep. thought . another sea noise THE big up going so clear must all him hand had played STAR puffed loud every came summer saw it crowd ! a And sky everybody night voice she coming feet star Then above boat 's There shouted such they I knees that out dark upon to cried " did around , home hurried talking making was there hold something at through plenty The — over Mother on same how quickly Oh What house then he story Now little their He not from ? could Every It be looked where get train Hurry—hurry—hurry matter time were whistled special When But between hole see very Peter day hill of and beach one right the First only 

beautiful for people too said . big up minute all look just saw a And everybody quiet star above 's they bright that to " , my them stopped That were Peter and the 

snow down please for children window taste is Barbara burn said soon got am winter . but Daddy Judy Will remember THE up going so eat play all had SNOW ready it lying Red a sleds sky as nearly has Can Then comes 's color such they last bought I that out shovels buy to " Yes you did , was long there something cold at been Mother cream on asked lies ground tired What me ice will Now ones again their So not waited with from still ? David could Every It Christmas be grew looked always time waiting morning no we Peter some white when day may of since and one beds falling red the 

snow children in taste myself is Barbara said . touch what Judy different big going play do all had sled every outside it ! shovel a And sleds as has she Everybody We man shouted they each I 'm shovels to took " did , was something roll cold go can on kinds my slide Snow ate then he their with fun David liked could make put It fast five dig hole Michael no Peter white inside hill of suits and one red went the breakfasts 

snow IN down behind mother find children any vegetable in lay off are is his hungry said cabbages They four walked smooth . Judy front THE if fell up stone all Let had look SNOW marks just saw left it ! two a chewed because has above 's There garden they following way that out cabbage upon to " naughty around , tracks chewing was there at been The Mother on asked wall my ground hunting Oh What If them he little So He dogwood ? first Up David could That which tree round Those TRACKS looked where stems were When But Michael rosebushes see n't Peter some together when day hill rose of and rabbit one roses bark went follow the 

snow down behind hurry for find bobbing children this in have heard is Barbara 'll his why wait snowy hungry said hard jumped got They thought . She Maybe would if big fell stick up excuse so must eat do all him Let had loud poke came saw it rabbits ! a voice company—come We Then 's tail shouted come such backward they I that out No to " you did around , home tracks face was something at hopping The go over Mother on asked mind brushed ." forgot house Shall he indeed will their So not waited from ? eating David could Never put end It under bushes surprised followed into her time were No—no But close hole rosebushes morning see tell no sat n't Peter white like hill rose of away log and rabbit bush breakfast Rabbit went the 

IN for children window this in lay is Barbara his said tiny got They nest want winter This After . Lots rained She Something what Judy eggs good up going play all Let had finished look stooped every outside came idea is—a bird flower just saw it sun ! SPRING A a And fuzzy waked everybody spring because has We nap yet Then looking 's they I bright that to soft green " know beauty , woods was week long there found something happened at been The go frog WHAT Mother on ground willow Oh house things he will little while their He not from make put That end It tree looked better were Michael morning see very Peter some white day of suits away and sleepy one today bush breakfast beside went leave HAPPENS pussy the 

down read for find people asleep children this in hurt have heard frogs are is Peepers too said All They lake . but Daddy what remember noise big up so Why stone do all him had played warm look ready just saw it lying ! a night spring as voice because has wakes Then 's come they each I until snake that out dark No sunshine opened to teeth bed " now , woods pajamas was there at been The Mother on asked brushed gray tired Oh What them by Shall then he even story will little their So He still ? David sing put baths Peep—peep—peep—peep It looked Outside were But tucked : throw see very we n't Peter some does day like log and windows the 

down PETER hind for brook peanut any in pocket have heard are his stones planting said jumped three himself lake . but suddenly noise front THE up going all him squirrel had peanuts squirrels outside came tinkling trees it ! SQUIRREL a And nearly she quiet nice Then rustling I 'm until bright that out middle to took wind " you 've around water , woods here was there at Mother on black my eyes gray Oh Nobody Down them by then he Squirrel will called Squirrels little So He not with still ? give stopped could That pansies It its tree brought be looked where plop playing stood legs But except see no AND very Peter along hill of and threw right went the 

mother for peanut any in pocket have is faster his too show said empty hard soon thought . what would another front running big up so do all him squirrel hand ran look peanuts came just saw understand it ! a And shoulder as hop Then looking 's shouted way last I Turn that opened to getting " toward you arms did around caught , home hurried was there second hopping over Mother began same turned after tired ate Oh third paws me then think he either Squirrel picked little not waited with from gave ? stopped could put That pansies His It grew into get her nuts bigger were waiting more When But As gone chasing Stop n't Peter great like hill of away and one hopped cry the 

hind for his too said tiny . big Why squirrel had peanuts it a And she 's " , was The Mother on asked Is he much little waited ? stopped surprised looked stood more legs very Peter and laughed the only 

At Hush AT "rain children have heard once is Barbara his too said hard All nobody They want suppertime porridge . Judy noise big up so eat play do all tinkle hand had loud music every before anybody else it ! a junket talk knew they splashed last I that hear to soft SUPPER " hushed roof , talking was long eaten something at The Mother on asked began my Rain wo tired What forgot splash tinkled he applesauce lettuce much again their So He not somebody ? David could Do put indoors It stay grew raining longer time were listened whispered But Listen Michael made n't Peter day like other and table went the 

for Barbara . Judy up so had junket 's rain to roof , was eaten on ate everything he applesauce lettuce while David her listened As gone Peter and the 

At behind Who children spread window in is Barbara too MOON moon hung said They want . In but Something Daddy what Judy THE big up climbed all had played finished look ready came trees saw it sun ca a sky everybody night coming Then they I until that out dark to bed " now small , pajamas making was there something taken at The go over Mother on asked house either yellow their So waited ? first David put baths It round grew into looked bigger were anything But gone Michael Wait see light supper n't top Peter hill of and watched went the 

down people in is Barbara moon said All . Maybe Daddy Judy world up our all came else it ca a And sometimes sky because has told Can comes looking 's come I out No to " , at The truck Mother can on asked same ground take them then somebody ? bring That It stay round place Did turns goes train always When But gone hole Michael see we n't Peter places of and the 

lights One please for stairs children Everywhere tricycles across in your his wait moon said already soon They grumble want porch stories good-night lake . She Daddy what would THE Good kisses so must play minute do all hand ran Let had held every outside came trees just saw it sun ! a And sky night tonight We beginning coming playroom told Then 's come such they I girls that out suppers dark to cried bed " know did around , hurried Just was there DARK at go Mother on began ' turned quickly house then he will called while their He not waited with from fun tricycle turn David could put baths It lawn under say barn be into looked where playing trucks time were anything dears waiting room When But gone tucked Michael see light Children no having n't Peter day other away and beds wish went the First 

down plants please for any in have off is Are his why too said hard soon want himself . lets Daddy what would if good Good up so Why play do all rest afraid every "are just us it sun sleep ! a And night scarcely as voice because animals Then 's come they awhile I work bright that out dark No hear to bed " now Yes you know did , was at go asked my Is turned tired grow What If by then he covered little chin So He not ? turn David could boy It remembered surprised be into goes dears more room When gone Because Michael sleeps light whisper very we sat let n't Peter day of away and without answered went the never 

in said . Daddy good all sleep And quiet 's I out dark to " Yes , he Now ? turn That shall light Peter and went the 

LOAN FROM CIR DESK Renewed due 8 -JF-, are is DAY subject 4 renewed This . below UbV* CfD LD book u '63 DEPT. 1Q78 SEC immediate BORROWED 16 :'.. RY or last i 1979 to , USE on 14 stamped date 2000 books 2 1963 WHICH 12Dec'5M# RETURN INTERUBR/J v3ffi*y which recall LOAM h JAN MAY TO the BbR 

YD 19933 


